In this video we're going to set every horizontal surface in the room to Lavo in your resources folder.
There is a picture of lava that you should add to your assets fold.
This is just a screenshot of love you can use any image you want from Google Images as long as it's
a flat surface of law or you can use doing that I provided for you in the Resources folder.
So whatever your choice is just go to your assets folder and make an image set called love.
Drag your image into your assets folder into your view controller make a function call create lover
with a return value of a C.A.
right let lava is equal to C.A. with a geometry of an S and plane with width and height of 1 meters.
Let's actually change it to love a node and write love node geometry the first material thought diffuse.
Remember the fuse is the color texture spread across a surface and we're going to spread the surface
with your lover image from our assets folder.
Give the lava node a position of 1 metre behind that access by writing mother node position is equal
to a CN vector 3 x y is zero and position at 1 meter behind the Zad axis and return Diovan node
and in view to load right left love a node equal to the return value of create lover position the lava
node relative to the scene view by writing self does scene view.
Thus seen da root node child node the lover node itself.
OK run the lover node shows up in front of us its position to one meter behind an axis of the world
origin.
But the problem is that we need the larva node to be horizontal not vertical.
So in your ex-coach project
remember this extension.
We've used it quite a bit and we're about to use it again to convert degrees to radians.
It's in your resources folder so make sure to copy it into every function.
Your challenge is to try and rotate this plane and make it horizontal.
Pause the video and give it a try.
Now that you've tried it out remember Euler angles were used them before in lecture 7 of the Getting
Started section to rotate the plane started horizontal.
We need to rotate it vertically across the X-axis 90 degrees so right a node the Euler angles is equal
to A C and vector 3 for the X field we're going to rotate it 90 degrees across the x axis.
We're not going to rotate it around the Y or the Zad Valley so leave those Zura up and run.
So the plane is invisible.
Well not really.
The problem is that only the bottom of the plane was covered with the lava texture whereas the top remains
colorless.
We need to make sure that both sides are covered with the lava texture.
So back to X code right love a node geometry.
The first material is double sided as equal to true.
This ensures that the lover image covers both sides of the surface.
Rerun the OP to make sure that everything works out and the texture shows up on both sides.
We're now down with the simple stuff.
Now we need a that every time the device detax a new horizontal surface we have to replace that surface
with love.
Indeed I'd remember that a plain anchor tells you the size of a horizontal surface that the device felt
we can use the airplane anchor size to make the lava plane the exact same size as the horizontal surface
an airplane anchor.
Also gives you the position of a detected surface.
We can also use the position to have the level plane such that its position exactly where the horizontal
surface was detected so that whenever any horizontal surface is detected make a love a node from the
return value of create love.
So remove these lines of code from our project.
Those are only for a demonstration purposes.
We need an argument plain anchor of type airplane anchor and right here just fill out the argument to
be that plane and crew that you guard lead it.
So we need to modify the size of the lava node according to the size of the plane and to do that further
what set it to play an anchor extent the extent represents the width and height of a detected horizontal
surface or plane for that matter to get the width just right done X asked for the height.
Note that we rotated the lava node such that it's horizontal so the height in this case is going to
represent how far the lava node extends horizontally.
So for the high rise plane Hincker extent does said the said value of this extent is simply how far
the horizontal surface extends and we seem to have an error and the error is that these need to be C.G.
flow value since those are the argument types.
So I'm going to do the same thing for the heights and we should be good to go for the sites.
Now we need the love node to have the same position that's encoded in the airplane and so align the
law of a node horizontally to the detected surface by centering it relative to the horizontal anchor
Dart Center a dot X or no plain anchor not anchor a line or a node vertically to the airplane anchor
by writing plain anchor dot center dot Y and do the same thing for those that value plain anchor data
center.
That's right.
One last thing to note is that every time a horizontal surface is detected a node is added to represent
the surface.
So make sure that the love node is positioned relative to this note by writing node that our child node
lava node.
So in summary here is what's going on.
Did I detect the horizontal surface and airplane Ankara's.
I did such that it encodes the size and position of that surface.
We're giving that size and position to the lover node and displaying it in the scene view by making
it a child of the horizontal surfaces node which kit made for us run the app.
I'm going to point my phone towards the bed until it recognizes it as a flat surface and it just did.
It created a love note.
So there is one plane anchor further but as I move my phone around the bed a Harkat determines that
the bed plate anchor is part of a larger real world surface.
So it's constantly updating the plane anchored to fit the size of the entire bed.
So the plane anchor size is constantly getting bigger.
But my love node is not.
So I need to update the lava according to how the plane increased size is being updated.
When the horizontal surface is an anchor is updated that update gets called ended our day.
We can access the same node that's representing the surface that was just updated.
And since the love node is a child of that node just right node that a Neumar child nodes with argument
child now would leave this one blank and now to update the lovers dimensions just right child node is
equal to create lava with your updated plan anchor.
But this doesn't work.
Child node is a constant.
So our only choice is to remove the current larva node.
So just read child node the remove from parent node and make a new lover note based on the updated anchored
by writing let love a node is equal to create lava with the updated plan anchor and make sure to display
it in the scene view position relative to the node that represents does surface.
OK.
Now rerun the app.
I'm going to point my film to that until it recognizes it as a horizontal surface.
Once you recognize that it is it makes a lava node and check it out.
If I keep going along the bed the lava node keeps getting bigger.
It's being updated along with the plant anchor.
This is really cool.
Now lastly there is one more thing we have to do.
So back into our ex-coach project did remove gets called whenever anchors get removed we only want to
deal with whenever plain anchors get removed.
So copy and paste this.
And if a plane anchor was removed we need to make sure that we remove the lava node associated with
this plant anchor.
So just copy and paste this line of code that we already have in that update that removes the child
node and we don't need the splint anchor so just leave it as blank.
Rerun the app to make sure that everything is working fine still.
I'm going to point my phone to the board until it detects it as a horizontal surface.
It does and everything works accordingly.
Now that we looked at horizontal plane surfaces we're going to start making our IATA.